Tada!
I am the Virtual youtuber, Kizuna Ai!
No, Judge Kizuna Ai!
It's finally come, the requests from everybody!
And so, the third round
Kizuna ai's trial
staaaart
First case is
From Mr. ika
"There's this girl that I liked for 6 years."
"It's been a while since we met and it looks like she has piercings."
"At first I thought she wouldn't get piercings
so it was really shocking."
"Is she guilty?"
"Not guilty?"
Well...
this one is...
one of those >_>
Guess i'll pass my judgement now.
Well then
this is my verdict.
Not Guilty!
Well
of course she is.
Just because you liked her for 6 years doesn't make her yours,
right?
Sure you met for the first time after a long time and found out she has piecings
"She wasn't like this before"
What do you know about her?
All you know about her is just the surface, am I right
Even if you liked her six years ago, it already has been so long.
People will always change,
so what's wrong with having a piercing?
If you are going out with her
And you told her that you don't like people who have piercing , but still she gets a piercing.
Then, I can still relate to you.
But still, she's not your property.
So, just let her do whatever she likes.
So, Not guilty.
if anything,
you're the one who's guilty!
Sentenced to imprisonment for a year.
I'll punish you to come to my bar everyday that year.
On to the next case
This one is from (Pen Name) Toshia M.
17 years old and a high school student.
"This was during middle school."
"One day my friend and I played beyblade."
"The beyblade I used was a Dragoon GT
and to activate its engine gear system,
I had to let it rip."
"The battle begun."
"My beyblade bumped into his beyblade
and his broke into pieces."
"Was this my fault?"
Hmm... I see.
That's what it is.
This is my verdict.
Not Guilty!
That beyblade, It is a toy you play with after all,
someday it'll break.
Like, they go
*clank clank clank*
right?
So of course
if they keep hitting each other it'll someday break
so you're really not guilty.
I don't know what really happened but
if you felt guilty
you did say sorry right?
right?
If you did, I think that was good.
You're not guilty.
Keep playing beyblade with all you got.
But
if you were modding or intended to break his beyblade, you are guilty.
Onto the next case.
(Pen name) Dream Chaser
56 years old, male, agricultural worker
Title:
I downloaded your 3D model and tried to look at your panties.
"To see if you had panties on, I downloaded your 3D model
and decided to try it out."
"Am I guilty?"
I can't see it from any angle
It's fine if I'm guilty, but since I've tried this for 5 hours
I hope you can compliment me
Well, its kind of something
If it's about me then it's a bit...
this is very interesting
Well then, here we go
Guilty!
Since you've said it's fine if you are guilty
this is a rare chance
So I'll just make you guilty then
So about the punishment ...
Half a year then, half a year
Same that you will have to come to my bar and spend money
And also if in this half year theres any merchandise of Kizuna Ai
Please buy all of them
Then , I will forgive you
How can I put it ...? I feel like this Mister here has a lot of things I can make up something funny to.
His Penname is 'Dream Chaser' , and he's also a
56 years old male ...
You sure are one lively person!
So lively and hardworking to try to look at my panties , didn't you?
Thank you for spending that 5 hours of yours.
Well , I don't know if this kind of act is praiseworthy or not
since i have already judged you as guilty , I think  I'll just praise you for a bit
"Wow! You are such a hardworking person!"
"Even though you are already 56 years old"
"But still working so hard to try to see my panties"
"and throwing away all your shame, how great!"
I really felt that it is great
Very hardworking, huh?
But still, like I said before
This form of mine now is the same as I am naked
so there will be no panties
Likewise , there will be also no panties on that 3D model of mine
You should have probably noticed this faster
Even if this one now im wearing are clothes and I'm wearing panties
Because of that im wearing a shorts , so actually
You can't really see it , can you?
So how is it everyone? Can you see it?
And about that, yes, 'that'
It will come out one day , eventually
'the model'
and until that time, make sure you work hard to look for it, ok?
I'll make sure that you cant see the panties.
Welp, this time we have also go through alot of cases
and to continue , I'll also keep receiving cases that everyones thinks that it is guilty
so please title it  'キズナアイ裁判' and send it to my e-mail
your judge, Kizuna Ai
to judge whether you are guilty or not!
And so,
I now here officially announce, dismiss!